hello friends
welcome to review recapped
today we will be showing you a sci-fi
thriller called
the fifth wave
spoilers ahead
sit back and enjoy
the movie opens with a girl cassie who
is walking through the woods with a gun
in her hands she comes across an empty
store and takes what little supplies she
can get her hands on
she can hear a voice calling for help
cassie finds a man hidden in the back
they both have their guns pointed at
each other
the man lowers his gun but cassie won't
lower hers because the man is holding
something in his hand
she orders him to show what's in his
hand but when he does a light flashes
from it and startles cassie forcing her
to shoot the man
she sees that he was holding a crucifix
and she is horrified at what she's done
it has shown that several months earlier
cassie was a regular 15 year old
teenager and high school girl
she lived with her parents oliver and
lisa and her little brother sam in
cleveland ohio her best friend was
lisbeth and she had a crush on football
player ben
soon however everything changed as a
mysterious alien spaceships descended
and remained floating above everyone for
a number of days without movement
the people would come to elude these
visitors as the others the others
release the first wave which is an
electromagnetic pulse that wipes out all
the power on earth
the wave shows airplanes falling from
the sky and killing countless people
without a fresh water supply cassie and
sam have to gather water from a nearby
lake the second wave brings powerful
earthquakes and devastating tsunamis to
coastal cities killing even more people
the third wave has the others modifying
the avian flu which infects people like
lisbeth and even lisa cassie sam and
oliver bury lisa in the front yard of
their house and say goodbye to her the
three head to a survivor's camp
after a few days of residing in the camp
a large cloud of dust forms and from it
emerged military men in vance led by
colonel vosh he says he's there to help
them
they gather all the children and send
them on a bus to a safe location
oliver reluctantly lets cassie and sam
go
sanford gets his teddy bear so cassie
runs off the bus to grab it the buses
start driving away before cassie can
make it back
vosh tells the adults that the fourth
wave has begun
the others have begun to use humans as
physical hosts inciting anger and panic
among the adults that demand to know how
they can tell who is really another
a gunfight breaks out and nearly every
adult is killed including oliver cassie
mourns her father and proceeds to move
forward on her own the kids arrive at
camp haven a military training facility
van and sam are among those that are
recruited
they are given new nicknames as well ben
is zombie and samus nugget ben meets
sergeant resnick
she injects a tracker in the back of his
neck and sits him down in front of a
two-way mirror where a boy is snared up
to a chair
resnick says the boy is really another
she shows ben through a lens that the
boy has a green skull then gives ben a
button to kill the boy
resnick sees that ben is wearing his
dead sister's necklace using it as
motivation to push ben to press the
button which he does cassie carries a
gun that her father gave her before he
died
she arrives at the abandoned convenience
store in the opening scene and is forced
to shoot and kill the wounded man as
seen before
next we see that cassie walks through an
abandoned freeway littered with many
abandoned cars and sees many dead bodies
a shot is fired hitting cassie in the
leg
more gunfire is hurt and cassie crawls
to safety under one of the cars before
she passes out from blood loss
meanwhile ben and the other kids start
their training he befriends another kid
named dumbo and they are presented with
a girl called ringer who is tough and
takes crap from no one
she is an excellent shot and she teaches
the kids how to shoot after ben takes
her down during training cassie wakes up
to find herself in the care of a young
man named evan walker he tends to her
gunshot wound
cassie wants to leave and find sam but
evan warns her that it would be
dangerous for her to go out there on her
own without protection
cassie discovers that evan took her gun
and hit it she runs away but sets off
one of his traps in the woods evan runs
back to her and protects her as someone
else with a gun is walking through the
woods at camp haven colonel vosh brings
ben into the control center and tells
him that the fifth wave is already
happening he gives him a helmet that
will allow him to detect another so that
he can easily kill them evan teaches
cassie how to defend herself by showing
her how to take someone's gun and
incapacitate them
she shows him pictures of the people she
used to know and love before the
invasion
quickly cassie and evan develop an
attraction for each other the kids are
brought to a location where others have
been detected they spot a number of
people with green skulls and fire at
them
however they then see ringer through
their lens and see a green skull before
anyone can shoot her ben stops them he
is spotted with a green skull too
he quickly realizes that voice and
resnick lied to them and that they are
really others the fifth wave is the kids
themselves
since they are easily manipulated they
are being used as pawns to slowly wipe
out the rest of the humans
cassie learns that evan is not quite
human after witnessing him kill someone
in the woods
he claims that when the alien ship
arrived a switch went off in him he says
he saved her when she got shot from
someone else in the distance
evan claims that his love for cassie is
making him more human
she runs from him and is rescued by the
military
cassie is taken to camp haven and goes
through the same process as the other
kids only this time she can immediately
spot something suspicious with resnick
the two of them fight until cassie
knocks resnick out ben confronts vosh
about the truth to which he confirms
that he and the rest of the military
personnel are others and that they need
the earth for themselves
the base is then infiltrated cassie runs
into ben and is then reunited with sam
evan shows up and kisses cassie one last
time before he goes to blow up the
facility the heroes run outside as the
place is blown up
ringer rescues them in a van and they
drive away while cassie watches as the
place is destroyed sat for evan's
sacrifice but colonel vosh and the rest
of the infected military and child
cadets escape in a fleet of helicopters
and fixed-wing aircraft
in the end we can see kids setting up
their own camp with some of the other
kids like dumbo joining them
cassie closes the film by narrating that
they haven't lost hope and i hope is
keeping them alive
hope you enjoyed today's movie
thanks for watching